[sharktank] Enable Perplexity test to use GPU in eager mode (#1109)
nod-ai/shark-ai: docs/developer_guide.md

If no explicit action is taken, the default PyTorch version will be installed.
This will give you a current CUDA-based version, which takes longer to download

> and includes other dependencies that SHARK does not require. In order to run eager mode inference in sharktank on a GPU, `torch+rocm` installation is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and includes other dependencies that SHARK does not require. In order to run eager mode inference in sharktank on an AMD GPU, `torch+rocm` installation is required.
```
or rather with a line break, but the above for an easier review of the suggested changes
```suggestion
and includes other dependencies that SHARK does not require. In order to run eager
mode inference in sharktank on an AMD GPU, `torch+rocm` installation is required.
```
